
The Extra Abilities Alexa Skill
-------------------------------

If you don't have an Alexa device, you can use Alexa from an Alexa
phone app which is available for all Android and iPhones.

To add the skill:  "Alexa, Enable Extra Abilities"
This is like installing the program.  Only do this once!  
You shouldn't have to do it ever again.

To use the skill:  "Alexa, Open Extra Abilities"
You do this whenever you wish to use the skill.
This starts the skill.
If you don't say anything for 14 seconds, the skill auto-exits.
If it exits, you have to start it up again with "Alexa, Open Extra Abilities"

Skill = program

Stuff between "" is what you say.

If you use the Alexa phone app rather than an Echo device,
you do not say the "Alexa" word first.  You push the blue button
instead.

Within the Extra Abilities skill, at many prompts, you can say:

"help"  -  receive a help message
"back"  -  backup to the previous prompt or exit the current function
"exit"  -  exit the Extra Abilities skill


Things can be said in many different ways.  The examples I show are
only one way.  If you prefer saying it some other way and the system
doesn't understand you, email me and I'll enhance it to support the
way you like to say things.  It is important that I adapt the skill to
you rather than you learning how to say something!


XXXX = you fill in the blank
NN   = number you supply - a list item number - when you list contents, the 
       app tells you the line numbers
  

From within Extra Abilities, you have the ability to set your email
address if you wish.  The sole purpose of this is to email things you
explicitly request.  For example, you may want Extra Abilities to email
a copy of your list to you for printing.


GLOBAL COMMANDS

"How do I XXXX?"
"Am I in Extra Abilities?"
"What is Extra Abilities Website?"
"My name is XXX"
"Forget my name"
"My email is XXXX"
"What is my email address?"
"Is my email address verified?"
"Set my time zone"
"What is my time zone?"
"Exit"

DEALING WITH LISTS

"public" lists are those that are applicable to the entire family.
"private" lits are those only applicable to the speaker.

You can only create private lists of Alexa knows your voice and you
tols Extra Abilities who you are.

"Create list XXXX"
"Rename list XXXX"
"Delete list XXXX"
"What lists do I have?"
"What is on list XXXX?"
"Add to list XXXX"
"Add to the bottom of list XXXX"
"Edit list XXXX"  -  goes to LIST EDIT mode for the selected list
"Email list XXXX to me" - your email address must first be configured

In LIST EDIT mode

"back" - exit LIST EDIT mode
"what list am I in"
"rename list XXXX"
"list" - list the contents of the list you're in
"add XXXX" - defaults to the top of the list
"add XXXX to the top of the list"
"add XXXX to the bottom of the list"
"change item NN"
"change XXXX"
"delete item NN"
"delete XXXX"
"move item NN"  -  allows you to move an item to the top or bottom of the list
"move XXXX"     -  same
"clear list"    -  remove all items from list

DEALING WITH JOURNALS

"Create journal XXXX"
"What journals do I have?"
"Rename journal XXXX"
"Delete journal XXXX"

"Add to journal XXXXX"
   What should I add?
   ...........
   Do you have more to add?
   

THINGS WE'RE WORKING ON

Password lists
A journal facility
and many more facilities in addition to lists!

